with everything with all models and models
gentlemen and women who are going to
participate in this event because they are 30
uninterrupted hours of pure fashion by
the best of textiles and
confections here that we have moored to
Talk quickly as I already do business
tell us what is the objective
because we want to beat the guinness record
the tour has it in Miami with 24
uninterrupted hours of pure fashion but
now we
more than 200 models between men and
women companions who are going to show what
better of the garments than ourselves
we produce here we have
Keynes we have light to color or gentlemen
they are all ready and our
right side is dry
I do not tell myself about the makeup because
first before wearing and even garments
have to go through a previous arrangement
true she
if the designers present that is going to
be present there
starts in a few more minutes here
inauguration and culminates tomorrow
at 6 in the afternoon they are more than 200
models will also be small
most representative models we have and
are meant for him to do
I already wanted to lie
you can come here it's completely
open and it starts shortly and is
ending tomorrow at 6
afternoon afternoon and even gamarra
made to reach anywhere gamarra
come with your moorings and views
ours and let's see a spectacular
value production so he commented I do not know
if I do not know if we have time to live is the
scenario to make it clearer
lights the stage the music everything is
being ready let's try to leave
here fast of the chair yes yes me
accompany here are the gentlemen to
left side and here some guys and
They are waiting to go out modeling
let's see the main stage
all this has been mounted in full
heart of gamarra a giant screen
and that points 30 now goes to more
2010 fashion in staying with this
Guinness record as I had already
mentioned Miami has the record in
these moments with 24 hours of parade
uninterrupted and hopefully we
we stay with this record that goes to
be very important for our country
we have to say that what are the
requirements suddenly because we have to
have a fashion show that is the satyr
typical with an audience that they eat
I live in the model of all types with
is different designers have something more
of 24 hours because now for the
initiation is done so you can
track and incidentally improve